1.	Define all of the terms
	a.	Shell- the UNIX command processor
b.	Option – It is code typed after a command to make the command more specific. 
	c.	Standard output- a file where the program sends output
	d.	Pipe- Connect the output from one utility to the input of another 
	e.	Metacharacter- a character in Unix that describes a purpose in UNIX 
	f.	Background process- It gives the ability to work independently from the shell. For example, leaving the terminal to go into another tab. 
	g.	PID- It is a process identification number, and every shell is assigned to one.  
	h.	Program- set of coded instructions contained in a file. 
	i.	Argument- anything that follows the command line. 
	j.	Grave accent- it is a character in UNIX that, when you put in between a special word, will produce an output. 
	k.	Tee- saves the output from a command in a file and pipes the output to another command. 
	l.	Wildcard- characters that can stand for other characters. 
	m.	Foreground process- It is the command that occupies your shell. 
	n.	Job number- every shell gets assigned a job number; it is the number in brackets. 
	o.	Process- what you get, however, the computer runs a program 
	p.	Standard input- the file where the program normally looks for input. 
	q.	Redirection- when you can move a file from one directory to another
	r.	Filter- takes a stream of data from its standard input, transforms the data in some way, and sends the results to the standard output. 
	s.	Quote- it protects the characters in the quotation marks 
	t.	Process id number- Same as PID, it is a number that every Unix shell will give you. 
	u.	Job control- allows you to stop the process temporarily, move foreground processes to the background and back again, and kill processes. 
2.	What does each of the following commands do 
	a.	Echo *  - list everything in the current directory 
	b.	Echo /* - displays all the / commands 
	c.	Echo \* - displays * 
	d.	Echo “*” – displays *
	e.	Echo – blank line 
	f.	Echo */* - displays */*
3.	How would you use cat to show the contents of the files ending in ing? 
	a.	The way you use cat is you have to type cat then all the following files that end in ing. Then you must use the character > to put it in a new file and then display that file. 
4.	How would you list any files containing x or X? 
	a.	You would do this by using ls *[xX]* 
5.	How would you show the context of files with names containing?
	a.	You do this by typing in cat *o*
6.	How would you show the contents of the file backgammon, backpacking, and blackjack using just one command. 
	a.	You would do this by using cat b*ack*

